Real Time Stream processing:
---------------------------

What is real time stream processing in big data systems like Hadoop?
	In Hadoop, the data is first stored in to systems which refer to as data lakes.
	We use tools that will pull this data, analyze the data and generate reports that can be used to make business decisions.
	We call this entire process as near Real-Time.
	We dont call it real time, but we call it real time because there is a slight time delau between the data being generated, it being pulled, 
	the analysis being mad and the report being generated.
	
	Data streaming on the other hand is a continous flow of business events or data.
	Unlike bigdata, we do not store the data to a data lake or a database. It is data in motion.
	As the data flows thru the stream processing applications, these applications can apply computational logic like aggregates, transformations etc., on this data
	and the analytics or reports are generatedright away in real time.
	
Usecases:
	We can use real time stream processing to monitor the trucks, cars etc., to see that they are on time to their destination
	
	Factories can use real time stream processing to analyse the data that comes from lot of IOT devices and make intelligent decisions.
	
	Payment and Stock transactions
	
	In hospitals, to monitor the health of a patient and take intelligent decisions.
	
	In retail, hotel and travel, we use it for recommendations and more.
	
	
	
kafka streams library:
	we can use the computational logic on the data by using kafka below library.
	
	Stream DSL (Domain Specific langauage) - simple to use and make transformations joins, etc., on the data as it flows thru applications
	
	Processor API
	
	

Create Stream:
-------------
A stream starts with input topic and ends output topic where the data goes to a output topic.
In between those, will applying various transformational logic.

Create the topology and build it using  the builder (StreamBuild)

Create the kafka streams which is the client stram object and start the stream.

only start method is invoked, the streams start processing and apply the transformational logic.

finally shutdown the stream using shoudown hook


